README.md, before:

# cdktf-tf-module-stack

A drop-in replacement for cdktf.TerraformStack that let's you define Terraform modules as construct.

## Available Packages

### NPM

The npm package is available at [https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cdktf/tf-module-stack](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cdktf/tf-module-stack).

`npm install @cdktf/tf-module-stack`

### PyPI

The PyPI package is available at [https://pypi.org/project/cdktf-tf-module-stack](https://pypi.org/project/cdktf-tf-module-stack).

`pipenv install cdktf-tf-module-stack`

### Nuget

The Nuget package is available at [https://www.nuget.org/packages/HashiCorp.Cdktf.TfModuleStack](https://www.nuget.org/packages/HashiCorp.Cdktf.TfModuleStack).

`dotnet add package HashiCorp.Cdktf.TfModuleStack`

### Maven

The Maven package is available at [https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.hashicorp/cdktf-tf-module-stack](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.hashicorp/cdktf-tf-module-stack).

```
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.hashicorp</groupId>
    <artifactId>cdktf-tf-module-stack</artifactId>
    <version>[REPLACE WITH DESIRED VERSION]</version>
</dependency>
```

### Go

The go package is generated into the [`github.com/cdktf/cdktf-tf-module-stack-go`](https://github.com/cdktf/cdktf-tf-module-stack-go) package.

`go get github.com/cdktf/cdktf-tf-module-stack-go/tfmodulestack`

## Usage

### Typescript

```ts
import { App } from "cdktf";
import {
  TFModuleStack,
  TFModuleVariable,
  TFModuleOutput,
  ProviderRequirement,
} from "cdktf-tf-module-stack";
import { Resource } from "@cdktf/provider-null";

class MyAwesomeModule extends TFModuleStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string) {
    super(scope, id);

    new ProviderRequirement(this, "null", "~> 2.0");
    const resource = new Resource(this, "resource");

    new TFModuleVariable(this, "my_var", {
      type: "string",
      description: "A variable",
      default: "default",
    });

    new TFModuleOutput(this, "my_output", {
      value: resource.id,
    });
  }
}

const app = new App();
new MyAwesomeModule(app, "my-awesome-module");
app.synth();
```

### Python

```python
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import App, TerraformStack
from imports.null.resource import Resource
from cdktf_tf_module_stack import TFModuleStack, TFModuleVariable, TFModuleOutput, ProviderRequirement


class MyAwesomeModule(TFModuleStack):
    def __init__(self, scope: Construct, ns: str):
        super().__init__(scope, ns)

        ProviderRequirement(self, "null", provider_version_constraint="~> 2.0")

        TFModuleVariable(self, "my_var", type="string", description="A variable", default="default")

        resource = Resource(self, "resource")

        TFModuleOutput(self, "my_output", value=resource.id)


app = App()
MyAwesomeModule(app, "my-awesome-module")
app.synth()
```

This will synthesize a Terraform JSON file that looks like this:

```json
{
  "output": {
    "my_output": [
      {
        "value": "${null_resource.resource.id}"
      }
    ]
  },
  "resource": {
    "null_resource": {
      "resource": {}
    }
  },
  "terraform": {
    "required_providers": {
      "null": {
        "source": "null",
        "version": "~> 2.0"
      }
    },
    "variable": {
      "my_var": {
        "default": "default",
        "description": "A variable",
        "type": "string"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Please note that the provider section is missing, so that the Terraform Workspace using the generated module can be used with any provider matching the version.

Commit message:

chore: add note to README about package rename (#264)
Also fixes a couple of typos that had been bothering me for some time.

README.md, after:

# cdktf-tf-module-stack

A drop-in replacement for cdktf.TerraformStack that lets you define Terraform modules as constructs.

## Available Packages

### NPM

The npm package is available at [https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cdktf/tf-module-stack](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cdktf/tf-module-stack).

`npm install @cdktf/tf-module-stack`

NOTE: Originally, this package was named `cdktf-tf-module-stack`, and the legacy versions (<= 0.2.0) can be found on npm [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdktf-tf-module-stack).

### PyPI

The PyPI package is available at [https://pypi.org/project/cdktf-tf-module-stack](https://pypi.org/project/cdktf-tf-module-stack).

`pipenv install cdktf-tf-module-stack`

### Nuget

The Nuget package is available at [https://www.nuget.org/packages/HashiCorp.Cdktf.TfModuleStack](https://www.nuget.org/packages/HashiCorp.Cdktf.TfModuleStack).

`dotnet add package HashiCorp.Cdktf.TfModuleStack`

### Maven

The Maven package is available at [https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.hashicorp/cdktf-tf-module-stack](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.hashicorp/cdktf-tf-module-stack).

```
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.hashicorp</groupId>
    <artifactId>cdktf-tf-module-stack</artifactId>
    <version>[REPLACE WITH DESIRED VERSION]</version>
</dependency>
```

### Go

The go package is generated into the [`github.com/cdktf/cdktf-tf-module-stack-go`](https://github.com/cdktf/cdktf-tf-module-stack-go) package.

`go get github.com/cdktf/cdktf-tf-module-stack-go/tfmodulestack`

## Usage

### Typescript

```ts
import { App } from "cdktf";
import {
  TFModuleStack,
  TFModuleVariable,
  TFModuleOutput,
  ProviderRequirement,
} from "cdktf-tf-module-stack";
import { Resource } from "@cdktf/provider-null";

class MyAwesomeModule extends TFModuleStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string) {
    super(scope, id);

    new ProviderRequirement(this, "null", "~> 2.0");
    const resource = new Resource(this, "resource");

    new TFModuleVariable(this, "my_var", {
      type: "string",
      description: "A variable",
      default: "default",
    });

    new TFModuleOutput(this, "my_output", {
      value: resource.id,
    });
  }
}

const app = new App();
new MyAwesomeModule(app, "my-awesome-module");
app.synth();
```

### Python

```python
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import App, TerraformStack
from imports.null.resource import Resource
from cdktf_tf_module_stack import TFModuleStack, TFModuleVariable, TFModuleOutput, ProviderRequirement


class MyAwesomeModule(TFModuleStack):
    def __init__(self, scope: Construct, ns: str):
        super().__init__(scope, ns)

        ProviderRequirement(self, "null", provider_version_constraint="~> 2.0")

        TFModuleVariable(self, "my_var", type="string", description="A variable", default="default")

        resource = Resource(self, "resource")

        TFModuleOutput(self, "my_output", value=resource.id)


app = App()
MyAwesomeModule(app, "my-awesome-module")
app.synth()
```

This will synthesize a Terraform JSON file that looks like this:

```json
{
  "output": {
    "my_output": [
      {
        "value": "${null_resource.resource.id}"
      }
    ]
  },
  "resource": {
    "null_resource": {
      "resource": {}
    }
  },
  "terraform": {
    "required_providers": {
      "null": {
        "source": "null",
        "version": "~> 2.0"
      }
    },
    "variable": {
      "my_var": {
        "default": "default",
        "description": "A variable",
        "type": "string"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Please note that the provider section is missing, so that the Terraform Workspace using the generated module can be used with any provider matching the version.
